DOCS: update contributing guide with one addition of error while running make server (#7961)
meshery/meshery: CONTRIBUTING.md

Any time changes are made to the Go code, you will have to stop the server and run the above command again.
Once the Meshery server is up and running, you should be able to access Meshery on your `localhost` on port `9081` at `http://localhost:9081`.

> **Please note**: If you get error while starting the server as **"Meshery Development Incompatible"** then follow the below guideline 👇

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note**: If you see "Meshery Development Incompatible" while trying to sign into Meshery Server, then follow these steps:
```

> <img src="./docs/assets/img/meshery-development-incompatible-error.png" width="50%">

Reviewer: `.`? does this reference work?

> <img src="./docs/assets/img/meshery-development-incompatible-error.png" width="50%">

Reviewer: This reference is invalid.

Author: Sorry I didn't get it what you are trying to point out with "this reference" 
Is it the image which is referencing to invalid? or text written above? 
Can you please correct me? So I can work on your requested changes to the soonest and we can merge this PR if rest looks good. 

Cheers.

Author: Or are you telling the image path we gave is invalid? Shall I add image in the global directory and reference that path to this `src` ? Please resolve my doubt, thanks 😄 🤔 @leecalcote

Reviewer: It's possible that I'm wrong, let's see...

-  Go to your meshery folder in your local-system where you’ve cloned it.

> Execute: `git remote add upstream https://github.com/meshery/meshery
> git fetch upstream`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Execute: 

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/meshery/meshery
git fetch upstream
```

Reviewer 2: <img width="682" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-28 at 1 10 59 AM" src="https://github.com/meshery/meshery/assets/48255244/c12250e1-05c9-49f7-b06c-9708c6e1b14e">

The markdown reader messes it up, but this is the change

> - restart the meshery server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Restart the meshery server.
- Make sure that `BUILD="v0.X.X"` is logged in some starting line while starting the server.
```

> <a href="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86982322/246590595-22177454-4b04-4c01-aab6-546ff9d4a318.png" ><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86982322/246590595-22177454-4b04-4c01-aab6-546ff9d4a318.png" width="50%"></a>

Reviewer 2: This might be your user profile where this image is uploaded and linked, please add the image here and reference it from the same: https://github.com/meshery/meshery/tree/master/.github/assets/images

Author: Sure, I have updated
Can you please check?

> - Addionally, before restarting the server, you might like to pull the latest changes, for that you can do: `git pull upstream master`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Addionally, before restarting the server, if you like to pull the latest changes, you can do: `git pull upstream master`
```

> 
> This should resolve this error: **Meshery Development Incompatible**
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
